[CLI-3313] Resume Flink statement along with principal and/or compute_pool ID update (#488)
confluentinc/terraform-provider-confluent: docs/resources/confluent_flink_statement.md

    - `name` - (Required String) The setting name, for example, `sql.local-time-zone`.
    - `value` - (Required String) The setting value, for example, `GMT-08:00`.

> - `stopped` - (Optional Boolean) The boolean flag to indicate statement running status and control whether the Flink Statement should be stopped or resumed. Defaults to `false`. Update it to `true` to stop the statement. Subsequently update it to `false` to resume the statement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `stopped` - (Optional Boolean) The boolean flag is used to indicate the statement's running status and to control whether the Flink Statement should be stopped or resumed. Defaults to `false`. Update it to `true` to stop the statement. Subsequently update it to `false` to resume the statement.
```

Author: Updated.

!> **Note:** To stop a running statement, no other argument can be updated except `stopped`.

> !> **Note:** To resume a stopped statement, `principal.id` and/or `compute_pool.id` can be updated in additional to `stopped` to resume the original statement under different principal (must have proper role assignment) and/or Flink compute pool (must use the same Flink region as original).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!> **Note:** When resuming a stopped statement, you can update `principal.id` and/or `compute_pool.id` in addition to `stopped` attribute. This enables the statement to run under a different principal (with the appropriate role assignment) or a different Flink compute pool (as long as it is in the same Flink region as the original).
```

Author: Updated.
